Update wrap to be more clear on what it does (#21629)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/textarea/index.md

- {{ htmlattrdef("wrap") }}

>   - : Indicates how the control wraps the value *in the form submission*. Possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Indicates how the control wraps the value in the form submission. Possible values are:
```

>     - `hard`: soft returns are hard when a line exceeds {{htmlattrxref("cols", "textarea")}} (must be specified); hard returns in the value consists of a CR+LF pair.
>     - `soft`: hard returns in the value consists of a CR+LF pair.

Reviewer: The original is clearer. These edits use the terms they are defining in the definition.
```suggestion
    - `hard`: The browser automatically inserts line breaks (CR+LF) so that each line is no longer than the width of the control; the [`cols`](#attr-cols) attribute must be specified for this to take effect
    - `soft`: The browser ensures that all line breaks in the entered value are a `CR+LF` pair, but no additional line breaks are added the the value.
```
